# Transcript Raw — WgmseucKcCA

Status: RETRY_SUCCESS_VIA_URBAN_VPN_US
VPN IP: 169.197.142.208 (United States)
Captured: 2026-06-25 via youtube-transcript-api v1 fetch()
Chars: 19329 | Chunks: 456

---

Imagine being able to build one simple AI system one time and then being able to take that same AI system and sell it to every local business in your area. Dentists, roofers, medspos, chiropractors, real estate agents, and be able to sell it to every single one of these clients for $2.99 per month. That's exactly what I'm going to show you in this video. And it's because these small local business owners, they don't need some massive, complicated AI tech. They need simplicity. They need the basics. And that is exactly what I'm going to show you in today's video. They need to answer Ms. Calls faster. They need to follow up with more of their leads. They need to be able to book more appointments on autopilot on their calendar. They want to be able to save time and money. And we can do that for them with simple AI tools and systems. And this is the exact same business model that total beginners are using to see their very first results online. So if you're watching this and thinking, well, I'm not technical. I don't know how to code. I'm not an AI expert. Well, I don't have some large audience on social media. Don't worry because you don't need any of that to see your first results online. But with that said, results are not guaranteed. Your results will be determined by your own efforts and energy. And no one can guarantee that you're going to see results with this. But what I can do is I can show you these simple AI tools, how to use them for these small businesses, even if you're a total beginner and how to package them so you can price them and sell them for $299 or more per month per client. Now, if you like the ideas that I'm showing you here in this video and you want a more full step-by-step detailed guide, I have no course or high ticket coaching program to sell you. If you want my full step-by-step course, plus templates, plus scripts, plus everything else that I have for free, just smash like button, drop a comment down below. Consider sharing this video with a friend who might also find it valuable. And I'll hook you up with a private link, download everything 100% for free. All of my courses, templates, scripts, so you can get started with this exact business model. I'll even hook you up with an extended 30-day free trial to the AI software I'm about to show you, plus a free-live bootcamp and a free 101 kickoff call to help you get oriented once you get started with the software. So now that you smash like button, drop a comment down below. Let me jump onto my computer so I can show you exactly how this business model works and how you can implement it for yourself even if you're a total beginner. It's, let me just jump onto my computer so I can show you guys how to set this up step-by-step. So this is an AI automation software that I use to run my entire business. And you can see over here on the side, we've got the AI agents. So that's the first thing that we're gonna do is click on right here. And the cool thing about this is we're gonna create an AI voice agent from scratch, step-by-step in this video, you'll have a working AI voice agent by the end of this video, but you can also create conversational AI chatbots. So be able to go back and forth on a web chat widget on somebody's website. And you can even create AI conversational bots for your Instagram DMs and your Facebook messages, which is super cool, but we'll cover that in another video. But if you like this software and you wanna go play around and try it out, I actually have an extended 30 day free trial down below in the description, which normally is a 14 day free trial, so you get a couple extra weeks to go through and play with this. So what we're gonna do here is we're gonna go through and create our first voice AI agent. And I'm gonna just zoom in here a little bit so that you guys can see this. And there are pre-built ones that you can go through and build, but we're gonna do in this video. I wanna show you just how easy this is to go through and set up. I'm just gonna go and create a custom agent right here, completely from scratch. Okay, now I might just move my head right here just so you guys can see this a little bit better, but we're just gonna give the agent a name. So we're just gonna say demo agent, and then the business name, we're just gonna say Akmi Inc. All right, obviously you're gonna change that to whatever your agent name is, because you could have one be like the, well actually what is my put this right here, demo AI voice agent, because you could have a voice agent, you could have a chat agent. I honestly like to have different agents for different things in my business. So if it's gonna be like an Instagram DM agent, or if it's gonna be, hey, this is the live website chat agent, support agent, Facebook messaging agent. So I like to go through and have different ones, because they're all trained for different reasons. Some people, some of these agents, they're working with current customers, and some of them are trying to go through and get more customers in the door. All right, so now we got here, we could choose the language, and then you could choose, there's a bunch of different voices we can go through and select, okay? And for this video, I'm just gonna leave it as Jessica, you can listen to the demo right here. You can set the time zone, so it's all set up with where you're located. You could also choose the LLM model. So this one is the one that's recommended, but you could see you can even go through with chat GPT version five, and they're always updating this. So if you're like, oh, it doesn't have the latest version, it does, and they're always going through and making updates with this, okay? And then right here, you just have what the agent's initial message is. So if somebody calls in, and this is the AI voice agent, you can say like, hey, you've reached whatever your business is, so this one, we were saying it was, AckMe, Inc. Right? How can I help you? And you can obviously go through, customize that, and this is something also very cool, as you can come in here, and you can have these pre-built things, so like contact, if you want to have the contacts first name, so you can say, hey, contact first name, and this obviously only works if they've already gone through a form, right? But this is kind of something that you could do. So, hey, no, Jason, my name's Jason. Hey, Jason, you've reached AckMe, Inc. How can I help you today? Right? Now, guys, I hope you're seeing how simple this is, because this is just a very simple step-by-step wizard. So we're just going to click on next right here, and then we're going to say, hey, what are the agents' goals? What do we want it to actually accomplish? So we could say, hey, we want them to grab their name, their email, and their address. You might be thinking, well, why don't we have the phone number here? Well, these AI voice agents, they're already pulling in the phone number that they're calling in from. So they're automatically able to go through and update that, which makes things super easy. Now, you can switch to advanced mode, and you can say, hey, I'm going to give this a specific prompt. And what I typically do, because you might be thinking, well, Jason, that's like really technical. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to train it with prompts. You can just go to chat GPT and just say, hey, I am making an AI voice agent for my dental practice or whatever type of business it is, or if you're running a software agency, and you're trying to resell the service, which that is the ideal thing for the software, is basically be able to go through and sell these AI voice agents, conversational agents, all these different AI agents to these small businesses. And so you just go into chat GPT and say, hey, I'm working with a chiropractor, a plumber, a dentist, whatever it is, and we need to be able to field these calls of people calling in to schedule an appointment. And so then just say, I write a prompt to train my AI voice agent on how it should behave and how it should handle the end goals go through and book appointments. And then chat GPT is just gonna go through and write everything out for you. And then you literally just copy it and paste it right in here, okay? And so this is obviously the advanced mode. We're just gonna switch back to the basic mode for this video, and I'm just gonna remove my face real quick for a second. And so you have all these different options where obviously you can go through and get some more custom AI voice setups and all that stuff where you transition it to a live human. But we're not gonna get all that advanced stuff here in this video. You can find all that stuff in my free course and all the details if you just smash like button, drop a comment down below, right? So now we're just gonna go through and hit next. And then from here, we can just go and test this out. So let's test this out really quick to see how this works. All right, I've got the call coming in right here. I'm put on speaker. Hey Jason, you have reached ACME Inc. How can I help you today? Jason. Yeah, I'm looking to get some help with my toilet that's leaking. Got it Jason. I'll make sure a team member reaches out to assist you with the leaking toilet. Let me first grab some details to ensure we can follow up properly. Can I start with your full name please? Yes, Jason Wardrop. Thanks Jason. That's Jason Wardrop JASOMWARDROP, right? Yes it is. Perfect. Now could you share your email address so we can contact you? Yes JWAR1088 at gmail.com. Got it. So that's JWAR1088 at gmail.com, correct? Correct. Great, thanks. Lastly, could you provide your address so we know where to assist with the issue? Yes, one, two, three main street in Dallas, Texas. Thanks Jason, just to confirm that's 123 main street Dallas, Texas, right? Correct. Perfect. A team member will reach out to you shortly to assist with your leaking toilet. Thanks for reaching out Jason and have a great day. Awesome, thank you. Okay, how cool was that? Now guys, that was a simple setup and obviously we could go through and get a little bit more customized but now let's jump back onto the computer because we are not done yet. I want to show you guys how you guys can actually set this up on a website for a client where this AI voice agent, if somebody's visiting their website, so this example I used was a plumber. I was looking to go through and get my toilet fix but it could be like, I'm looking for a teeth cleaning or I'm looking for a personal trainer, whatever it might be, we can actually put this AI voice agent on their website. So you guys have probably seen the little website chat widgets on websites where you can go through type in a message and then it responds and all that stuff. Well, what if you could actually call into the website right from or call into the business right from the website and it's the AI voice agent that we just created that you're able to have a conversation with and learn more about the business book and appointment or anything like that. Guys, check this out. So what we're gonna do now, we've gone through, let me just make sure that I have finished up. I'm just gonna save right there. We're all good to go. We have created our demo AI voice agent, right? So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna come over here to sites and we are gonna go up here to chat widget and we are gonna create a new chat widget and I hope as you're going through this and seeing how I'm setting this up, you're thinking, man, that actually is so easy. I totally could do this and I could totally sell this to small local business owners for $100, $200, $300 per month. I know a lot of people that are selling this exact service just like this for $299 per month. So if you think about that, you get 10 clients, that's $3,000 per month and the thing about this software is not only does it make it so easy to set up, but you see right here, this is my own logo. You can go and white label the software so connect your own logo, connect your own domain and then also connect your own payment processor so that you keep and collect 100% of the payments that are coming into the business. So if you're charging $200, $200, $200, $200, $200, $200, $200 per month, you're not doing any commission splits with this software. In the software, it's already pre-built, pre-coded for you is very simple to white label, just throwing your own logo, attach your own domain, connect your own payment processor and you can literally have your own AI software business set up and running in less than 24 hours. So that is the cool thing about that. And like I said, I've got an extended 30 day free trial to the software down below in the description or if you want my full step by step course plus a 30 day extended trial, just smash like button, drop a comment down below and I'll hook you up with all of those freebies and bonuses. Okay, so now let's get into this. We're gonna create this AI voice chat widget for a website. So I'm just gonna click on new and I'm gonna come down here and click on this voice AI. And you can see all the different web chat widgets you can create at one for on all in one chat, SMS, email, Facebook, live chat, Instagram chat, WhatsApp. So you have all these different solutions which we'll cover in different videos, but this one we're going for specifically voice AI. All right, so now we come over here and we, let me just move my head so you guys can see this. So you can see this little chat bubble. Now a lot of times the website site chat widget of like typing is down in the bottom right-hand corner. So maybe I want to go through and I want to say, hey, let's keep this, but I want to go and change the position of this message or this little widget. So I'm gonna put it up in the top right-hand corner. So see, we're gonna put it right here. Then we can have the little chat widget if someone doesn't want to call in. They have both options ready and available for them. So we can go through and customize this. You can change what your avatar looks like. You can customize what the actual message right here says. And then you can see all these different options of what you can go through and tweak and customize for this AI chat widget voice agent. All right, so now what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna click on save right here. Okay, so chat widget is saved. Let's go like this. And then I'm just gonna click on get code. Okay, now for those of you guys looking at this and like, well, Jason, I thought you said we don't know how to load how to code. You don't have to know how to code. If you can copy and paste, you can make this happen. And I'll just show you another way where you don't even have to copy and paste this code. So what I'm just gonna do is I'm gonna go and I'm gonna copy this code. And this is what we would put on their website. And you might be thinking, well, Jason, what if I don't have access to their website or what if the business doesn't have a website? Well, let me show you how to solve that problem right now, right here. What we'll do is we're gonna come over here to websites and you can actually just create a brand new website from thousands of different templates. And I'm also working with the team here. They want me to help them with their AI website builder where you can literally just copy and paste a URL of another website and say, hey, I like the design of this website. I want you to build me one just like that. Which, once again, I'll cover in another video and I cover that inside of my free course. So let's just say obviously you can see there's all these different templates you can go through and choose from. It doesn't really matter which one we choose. So let's just choose this top one right here. We're gonna say choose template. It's gonna go through create the template and we're gonna put this little AI voice chat widget on the website by simply copying and pasting it into the website. Okay, so now what we do, you can see this already prebuilt, professionally designed looks really nice. This looks like it's for like a little kids care or maybe a preschool or something like that. Like I said, there's all these different templates for all these different styles of websites. Now, in order to get this onto the website, all we have to do is come up here and we want to click on, I always forget which one it is up here. The tracking code right here. So we're just gonna paste this right here in this header tracking code. We're gonna click save and then we're gonna hit publish and we're gonna be able to see this. Actually, we're just gonna hit preview because I don't want to connect to domain right now. We're gonna hit preview. All right, so this pulled up and you can see right here, this is the little chat wedges. So if we hover over this, it kind of lights up a little bit and we can go click on this, we can call the business right there and that is it. That was how easy it is to go through and add this. And if you don't want to go through an ad code, you can also go in this website we just created and you can click on what is the settings right here and you scroll down and you have the chat widget and you have all these different options of what you can add. So this is like one I've added before. This is another demo and this one is the one we just did. The chat widget number three, move my head again. We just click save and then that is another way. If you don't want to do the copy and paste, if you like code just is like really confusing and scares you, you can also do that method as well. Anyway, guys, I hope this was helpful for you to see how easy it is now to build these AI voice agents, how you don't need any prior technical skills, no previous experience with this and you can go set these up for these small local businesses where you can charge $200, $300, $400 per month for these businesses. Now I kind of like to bundle it with some other services so that I can charge a little bit more the three, four, $500 range and that's what I cover inside of my free course. Like I said guys, there's no hidden paywall, there's no upsells or anything like that and I also have an extended 30 day free trial to the software that I just showed you that you can white label for your own business, connect your own logo, connect your own domain, your own payment processor, so that all of those payments that you're collecting are just going straight into your bank account. And for just $297 per month, you can have unlimited clients that you bring on. So literally if you think about that, if you were charging $209 per month, you brought in 10 clients, you're making three grand, your expenses for the whole software, all the automations is just $297 a month. If you had 100 clients or even a thousand clients, you're still just $297 per month because that is unlimited accounts. And so that is why I love this software. So if you like this video, go ahead, smash like button, drop a comment down below, consider sharing it with a friend who might also be interested in this video or who might want to go through and do this business with you. And with that said, I'll see you in the free course in the members area and I'll see you in the next video.